here we go in five four three two one
yes and all the fucking people that make
me feel lazy in this world is - okay
make me feel you in the rock you fuckers
don't look like you ever sleep and I
don't know no days off that's why I love
is unattractive ass he's a he's a person
that that motivates me inspires me in
effect that we're we're coworkers were
friends I think it's I think it's like
it's a blessing it's a blessing to be
around that yeah because it truly it's
it's uplifting you know it makes you it
just makes you weed out the circle when
you're around people that truly give you
like give you some good serve a good
value to you and your life you then look
at those that don't and you can you can
then push away so I'm big on I'm big on
personality I'm big on energy I'm big on
will and once I believe that's
contagious so if you have a bunch of
laziness and a bunch of bullshit around
you naturally it's gonna feed off you're
gonna find yourself becoming what's in
your environment so I feel the exact
same way and when I see I see that in
you I see that in you I've seen an
avatar I see you I see you yeah but a
guy like that like I always wonder like
how much of that is look I've had sleep
experts on the podcast to tell you like
like there's real problems if you don't
get enough sleep like you could you have
a much higher risk of Alzheimer's all
these other serious issues but I see a
guy like to rock I'm like how the fuck
does he sleep what where's the room -
first sleep you know that that's true I
can't say that I'm that I've witnessed
the sleep patterns but he's a he's a
late ass so he does I know he's sleeping
is some rest which is well-deserved but
you know when you when you say you had
these sleep experts of stuff on it's
always a thing that I go back and forth
about because what
is enough sleep like I'm a person I
function high off of six to seven hours
yeah six seven hours I'm I'm functioning
yeah five hours I'm great
do I do the five hour thing all the time
no but if I have to I'm fine
I don't need the eight and the nine like
that's too much for me like I'm I'm an
early riser and now that I'm getting
older you know if I can get in that bed
by 9:30 or 10:00 on a off workday I'm
very happy with that but then I'm up at
5:30 I'm up at 5:00 so what is it enough
sleep what did they tell you this really
depends on the person there are people
that have a gene where they can just
sleep for hours at night I got on my god
I got that what is that gold what is
that what does this means you got
special gene goddamn right Amalia yeah
that's some shit but there are there are
people that just don't need as much they
can they can go a long time without
sleep diagnosed me I'm one of those
people you but you might be I bet a lot
of high functioning people are cuz your
body tends to you get more efficient you
know like you you're always going you're
burning hard so your body's like when
it's time to shut down it's like shut
down get that five six hours in alright
do you good well I will confess this I
am an amazing cat Napper oh yeah I'm one
of those guys if you stop talking to me
long enough
i'ma fall asleep right here it's
something about silence real and just
not doing anything and I just well it's
probably probably going on momentum all
the time you probably you're probably
going on motivation and momentum okay
then when your body has this break you
probably use a little sleep right that's
just right I'm dead serious that's I'd
know for sure that that's accurate cuz
I'm how cat napping heartbeat do you
feel like you've hit a good balance so
this is what I was wonder about with
guys like you or guys like the rock when
I look at your Instagram your social
media and you're just constantly going
like god damn